I want to make tests reutilize a pre-compiled version of cbase/, instead of
always recompiling the full cbase via
#define CBASE_IMPLEMENT
#include "cbase.h"

Key aspects to consider when elaborating a solution:
1) The goal is to reduce compilation time for tests: current timings are on
   timings.txt
2) If each .c file being tested reincludes implementation, then linking may
fail because of duplicate definitions. Should we use a libcbase.a file instead
of cbase.o?
3) ryu is not very special: treat ryu.c and ryu.h as normal building blocks of
cbase.
4) One strategy worth considering is making each .c file in cbase/ be compiled
to an object file, and then put everything in libcbase.a. ryu.o would also be
one of those objects (although it may be built of multiple .c files under ryu/).
5) I still want to build the main.c as a single translation unit, at least in
non-debug mode and profiling modes like callgrind. In debug mode, it doesn't
matter, do whichever is easy.
6) Prefer to change .c and .h files, instead of changing build.sh. Prefer
changes in common/common.sh instead of build.sh as well.
7) Maybe function declarations (static/extern) will have to also change
depending on the build configuration (incremental/single translation unit).
Remember that, without static/extern, functions default to extern. Functions
internal to a module must always be static. Functions that are the API of a
module can be static if we are doing a single-translation unit build, while they
must be extern in a header + linking usage, but I don't know if there are any
advantages by declaring them static in the single TU case, analyse.
8) Some .c files are include-based templates like hash.c, sort.c and xenums.c.
   They have standalone main() tests, but they are not needed for linking the
   other tests. How should we deal with them?

Considering all that, discuss and elaborate a solution for this idea. List key
implementation aspects, which files will have to change and how, in a high
level.
